c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\docParser.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\docParser.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\docParser.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\obj\Debug\docParser.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\obj\Debug\docParser.Form1.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\obj\Debug\docParser.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\obj\Debug\docParser.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\obj\Debug\docParser.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\obj\Debug\docParser.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\IKVM.AWT.WinForms.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Beans.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Charsets.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Cldrdata.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Corba.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Jdbc.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Localedata.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Management.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Media.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Misc.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Naming.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Nashorn.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Remoting.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Security.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.SwingAWT.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Text.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Tools.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Util.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.API.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.Bind.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.Crypto.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.Parse.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.Transform.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.WebServices.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.XPath.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\IKVM.Reflection.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\IKVM.Runtime.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\IKVM.Runtime.JNI.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\TikaOnDotNet.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\docParser\docParser\bin\Debug\TikaOnDotNet.TextExtraction.dll
